README.md, before:

# Animal Shelter Management System (Capstone Project)

**Full-stack** application for managing an animal shelter, developed with **React (Redux Toolkit + TypeScript)** for the frontend and **Spring-Boot + Postgres** for the backend.
It allows user registration, animal management by administrators, viewing of animals currently housed and a payment method for subscriptions.

## 🚀 Tech Stack

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white)
![Spring Security](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Security-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-security&logoColor=white)

**Frontend**

- ⚛️ React + TypeScript

- 🗂 Redux Toolkit (state management)

**Backend**

- ☕ Spring Boot

- 🔐 JWT Authentication + Spring Security

- 🗄 JPA/Hibernate + Postgres

- 📩 Email/Notifications (Spring Mail)

- 🔌 REST API

## ✨ Main Features

- 👤 JWT Authentication with roles (Admin / User / Volunteer).

- 🐕 Animals CRUD with images upload.

- 🔎 Advanced search with filters (species, age, ecc).

- 💸 Subscription payment via Stripe.

- 📱 UI Responsive (mobile-friendly).

## 🖼️ Screenshots

⚠️ **Work in progress...** ⚠️

## 🔮 Possible future improvements

- 🐾 Long-distance adoption system.

- 🏅 Volunteer Badges.

## ⚙️ Project Setup

⚠️ **Work in progress...** ⚠️

## 👨‍💻 Autore

Daniele Russo - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dani-russo/)

Commit message:

Update README with Docker details
Added information about Docker images and containers.

README.md, after:

# Animal Shelter Management System (Capstone Project)

**Full-stack** application for managing an animal shelter, developed with **React (Redux Toolkit + TypeScript)** for the frontend and **Spring-Boot + Postgres** for the backend.
It allows user registration, animal management by administrators, viewing of animals currently housed and a payment method for subscriptions.
Docker images and containers have been created.

## 🚀 Tech Stack

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white)
![Spring Security](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Security-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-security&logoColor=white)

**Frontend**

- ⚛️ React + TypeScript

- 🗂 Redux Toolkit (state management)

**Backend**

- ☕ Spring Boot

- 🔐 JWT Authentication + Spring Security

- 🗄 JPA/Hibernate + Postgres

- 📩 Email/Notifications (Spring Mail)

- 🔌 REST API

## ✨ Main Features

- 🐋 NEW! Docker images and containers created for this project.

- 👤 JWT Authentication with roles (Admin / User / Volunteer).

- 🐕 Animals CRUD with images upload.

- 🔎 Advanced search with filters (species, age, ecc).

- 💸 Subscription payment via Stripe.

- 📱 UI Responsive (mobile-friendly).

## 🖼️ Screenshots

⚠️ **Work in progress...** ⚠️

## 🔮 Possible future improvements

- 🐾 Long-distance adoption system.

- 🏅 Volunteer Badges.

## ⚙️ Project Setup

⚠️ **Work in progress...** ⚠️

## 👨‍💻 Autore

Daniele Russo - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dani-russo/)
